why are so many bytecodes used on the turn that finishes the tower

instead of checking for tiles to paint every turn, check every other turn and store a paintnext location(or maybe multiple)

every time movement goes in an unoptimal direction, increment variable if grater than 3 then make a new goal

towers should upgrade themselves when there are tons of tokens

Types:
soliders:
soliders can be explorers/builders, goes out until find ruin or enemy tower, if enemy tower go back and report, if ruin then calculate, if we can build this and still make it back we should, we can also tell splashers to claim a line from a known tower to that one, if we cant we should go back, replenish, then build it(should we ask other builders to come too?, idk)

we also might want soldiers deticated to making the special resource pattern

splashers:
splashers have two jobs
attack splashers that push into enemy terrotry(groups of these could go attack an enemy tower found by an explorer)

connection splashers that connect btween found towers and existing towers

Moppers:
when a mopper reseves a come allong message, it goes with other bots to a destination to refil them
when a mopper resceves a new tower built/run descovered message, it goes over to another tower and rebroadcats
when a mopper
two types
support moppers go allong in attacks and refil others
defence moppers for defence and to bring paint on request
we might want to merge these and you can either request come with or request refil just once



1. make towers sence thier surroundings and do either a single tile attack or area attack
2. communication system? towers should rebroadcast messages
first digit is type of message then coords
type 1 means found ruin and built tower(so a splasher should build a path there)
type 2 means found ruin and didnt build tower(tells other builders nearby that they might want to go there)
type 3 means need paint, so any moppers without a task should come and bring paint
6. splashers early game to gain territory(so we dont loze paint to the ground)
7. everyone should read the default java code inside /src and make comments
8. if an enemy or enemy tower is seen brodcast their location

13. create a system for only analyzing unanalyzed tiles
14. towers check surroundings if the turn count is even, or if we saw one last time we checked
15. robots store the last x and y value that they touched paint on
16. if towers build bots as soon as they can, we'll never save up enough chips to build more towers, either only build bots when chips > 1000 or make system for communicating that we need to save up